Update Extensions doc page (#92)
posit-dev/positron-website: extensions.qmd

Open VSX includes most popular VS Code extensions, but not all; some authors don't bother to publish their extensions to Open VSX (it's an extra step) and others don't keep the Open VSX version of the extension up to date. Open VSX has a suggested [template](https://github.com/open-vsx/publish-extensions/blob/master/docs/external_contribution_request.md) to request that the authors of an extension cross-publish their extension on the Open VSX Registry.

:::{.callout}
<!-- vale Posit.Contractions = NO -->
Posit is a major sponsor of Open VSX.
<!-- vale Posit.Contractions = YES -->
:::
 
## Included extensions

While you can install many extensions from Open VSX, Positron comes with several extensions already installed to help you get started quickly.

There are two types of extensions that come pre-installed with Positron. 

### Built-in extensions

> These extensions manage core functionality such as the R and Python backends for Positron's frontend features. They also include other helper extensions that VS Code/ Positron rely on. They are not in the Open VSX registry and are integral to the functioning of Positron. Most of the time you won't need to think about these. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These extensions manage core functionality such as the R and Python backends for Positron's frontend features. They are not in the Open VSX registry and are integral to the functioning of Positron. These extensions get updated when Positron itself is updated, and most of the time you won't need to think about these. 
```

<!-- vale Posit.Contractions = NO -->
## Open VSX
<!-- vale Posit.Contractions = YES -->

Positron has an Extensions view, just like VS Code. The primary difference is that when you browse extensions in Positron, the extensions don't come from VS Code's Marketplace. Instead, they come from a third-party marketplace, [Open VSX](https://open-vsx.org/). This is necessary for licensing reasons; Microsoft doesn't permit access to the Marketplace from non-official clients.

Open VSX includes most popular VS Code extensions, but not all; some authors don't bother to publish their extensions to Open VSX (it's an extra step) and others don't keep the Open VSX version of the extension up to date. Open VSX has a suggested [template](https://github.com/open-vsx/publish-extensions/blob/master/docs/external_contribution_request.md) to request that the authors of an extension cross-publish their extension on the Open VSX Registry.

> :::{.callout}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::{.callout-note}
```

For the style guide, I think we're only supposed to use these three:
https://positpbc.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/DOCS/pages/594509972/Posit+Documentation+Style+Guide#Callouts-(Notes,-Importants,-Warnings)%5BinlineExtension%5D

<!-- vale Posit.Contractions = NO -->
Posit is a major sponsor of Open VSX.
<!-- vale Posit.Contractions = YES -->
:::
 
## Accessing extensions

> To get to the extensions view in Positron you go to the Extensions view in the left sidebar or use the keyboard shortcut <kbd>Shift</kbd>+<kbd>Cmd/Ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>X</kbd>. From here you can manage installed extensions or search the Open VSX marketplace for new ones. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To manage your extensions in Positron, choose the Extensions view from the Activity Bar on the left or use the keyboard shortcut <kbd>Cmd/Ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>Shift</kbd>+<kbd>X</kbd>. From here you can manage extensions you already have installed or search the Open VSX marketplace for new ones. 
```

For consistency with other pages

## Included extensions

While you can install many extensions from Open VSX, Positron comes with several extensions already installed to help you get started quickly.

Positron includes two types of pre-installed extensions:

### Built-in extensions

These extensions manage core functionality such as the R and Python backends for Positron's frontend features. They are not in the Open VSX registry and are integral to the functioning of Positron. These extensions get updated when Positron itself is updated, and most of the time you won't need to think about these. 

To see these extensions, search for `@builtin` under the Extensions tab. To further filter the list, you can add a search term, such as `@builtin positron`. 

### Bootstrapped extensions

> In addition to built-in extensions, Positron includes a set of automatically installed (or "bootstrapped") extensions curated to enhance your data science workflow. These are traditional extensions you can find on Open VSX. They act just like extensions you install yourself: they update automatically when a new version of the extension is on Open VSX and they can be uninstalled. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to built-in extensions, Positron includes a set of automatically installed (or "bootstrapped") extensions curated to enhance your data science workflow. These are traditional extensions you can find on Open VSX. They act just like extensions you install yourself; they update automatically when a new version of the extension is on Open VSX and they can be uninstalled. 
```

:::{.callout-note}
Positron doesn't currently bundle the [Shiny](https://open-vsx.org/extension/posit/shiny) extension, so you will need to install that if you want to use it.

> :::

Reviewer: Can you move this to _under_ the list of bundled ones?

- [ms-pyright.pyright](https://open-vsx.org/extension/ms-pyright/pyright): A fast Python static type checker and language server. It provides intelligent code completion, type checking, and helps catch errors before runtime.

- [posit.publisher](https://open-vsx.org/extension/posit/publisher): A publishing tool for deploying content to Posit Connect. It streamlines the process of sharing data science applications, reports, and APIs with stakeholders.

- [quarto.quarto](https://open-vsx.org/extension/quarto/quarto): Support for the Quarto publishing system. It enables creation of dynamic documents that combine code, visualizations, and narrative text for reproducible research and reporting.

- [posit.air-vscode](https://open-vsx.org/extension/posit/air-vscode): Comprehensive R language support including syntax highlighting, code completion, debugging, and environment management. It provides tools needed for professional R development.

### Non-compatible extensions

Almost all extensions for Visual Studio Code are fully compatible with Positron, and in fact Positron is built with this kind of extensibility in mind. There are two known exceptions:

> -   [R extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=REditorSupport.r): The R language support in Positron is a direct replacement for the features in this extension, and we don't plan for them to work well together. If there are features in this extension you miss, please [let us know](https://github.com/posit-dev/ark/issues). If you use this extension and have code in your `.Rprofile` for better behavior in the terminal, you will need to update it so that section of your `.Rprofile` isn't run in Positron:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   [R extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=REditorSupport.r): The R language support in Positron is a direct replacement for the features in this extension, and we don't plan for them to work well together. If there are features in this extension you miss, please [let us know](https://github.com/posit-dev/positron/issues). If you use this extension and have code in your `.Rprofile` for better behavior in the terminal, you will need to update it so that section of your `.Rprofile` isn't run in Positron:
```

These are more likely to be about the extension than the Jupyter kernel.
